docs: Kubernetes deployment with the Helm chart (#969)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/deploy-kubernetes/kubernetes-deploy.mdx

---
title: Deploy Redpanda in Kubernetes
tags:
  - Kubernetes
---

<head>
    <meta name="title" content="Deploy Redpanda using the Helm Chart | Redpanda Docs"/>
    <meta name="description" content="Use the Redpanda Helm chart to deploy a Redpanda cluster in Kubernetes."/>
</head>

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This topic describes how to use the Redpanda Helm chart to deploy a Redpanda cluster in Kubernetes.

## Prerequisites

Make sure that your Kubernetes cluster meets the [requirements](../kubernetes-cluster-requirements).

> ## Deploying the Helm chart

Author: ```suggestion
## Deploy Redpanda
```

1. Add the chart repository to your Helm installation:

  ```bash
  helm repo add redpanda https://charts.redpanda.com/
  ```

1. Update the repository index:

  ```bash
  helm repo update
  ```

1. Install the Redpanda Helm chart:

  ```bash
  helm install redpanda redpanda/redpanda \
    --namespace redpanda \
    --create-namespace
  ```

The `helm install` command always pulls the latest version of the chart. To list the current latest version of the Redpanda Helm chart, use the `helm search` command:

```bash
helm search repo redpanda
```

<details>
<summary>
Example output
</summary>

```
NAME             	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION                                      
redpanda/redpanda	2.4.0        	v22.3.9    	Redpanda is the real-time engine for modern apps.
redpanda/console 	0.3.3        	v2.0.2     	Helm chart to deploy Redpanda Console.
```

> The Redpanda Helm chart is the top result.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Redpanda Helm chart is the top result (`redpanda/redpanda`).
```

</details>

> ## Customizing the deployment

Author: ```suggestion
## Customize the deployment
```

---
title: Deploy Redpanda in Kubernetes
tags:
  - Kubernetes
---

<head>
    <meta name="title" content="Deploy Redpanda using the Helm Chart | Redpanda Docs"/>
    <meta name="description" content="Use the Redpanda Helm chart to deploy a Redpanda cluster in Kubernetes."/>
</head>

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';
import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

This topic describes how to use the Redpanda Helm chart to deploy a Redpanda cluster in Kubernetes.

## Prerequisites

Make sure that your Kubernetes cluster meets the [requirements](../kubernetes-cluster-requirements).

## Deploying the Helm chart

1. Add the chart repository to your Helm installation:

  ```bash
  helm repo add redpanda https://charts.redpanda.com/
  ```

1. Update the repository index:

  ```bash
  helm repo update
  ```

1. Install the Redpanda Helm chart:

  ```bash
  helm install redpanda redpanda/redpanda \
    --namespace redpanda \
    --create-namespace
  ```

The `helm install` command always pulls the latest version of the chart. To list the current latest version of the Redpanda Helm chart, use the `helm search` command:

```bash

> helm search hub redpanda

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
helm search repo redpanda
```

```

<details>
<summary>
Example output
</summary>

```

> URL                                                     CHART VERSION   APP VERSION     DESCRIPTION                                      
> https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-d...      2.3.20          v22.3.9         Redpanda is the real-time engine for modern apps.
> https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda/r...      22.3.9          v22.3.9         Redpanda operator helm chart                     
> https://artifacthub.io/packages/helm/redpanda-d...      0.3.3           v2.0.2          Helm chart to deploy Redpanda Console.

Author: ```suggestion
NAME             	CHART VERSION	APP VERSION	DESCRIPTION                                      
redpanda/redpanda	2.4.0        	v22.3.9    	Redpanda is the real-time engine for modern apps.
redpanda/console 	0.3.3        	v2.0.2     	Helm chart to deploy Redpanda Console.
```

> ```

Reviewer 2: This will change, too.

The Redpanda Helm chart is the top result.

</details>

## Customizing the deployment

> Configuring the Redpanda Helm chart allows you to customize the deployment to do the following:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Configuring the Redpanda Helm chart allows you to customize your Redpanda Cluster deployment, e.g., 
```

---

> title: Deploy Redpanda using the Helm Chart

Author: ```suggestion
title: Deploy Redpanda in Kubernetes
```

tags:

>   - Helm

Author: ```suggestion
  - Kubernetes
```

>   - Helm deployment

Author: ```suggestion
```

>   - Helm configuration

Author: ```suggestion
```
